README.md, before:

# Escape from the Goblin Horde

| Downloads                      | Related Books            |
|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| [Oneshot][oneshot]             | [Core Rules][core]       |
| [Extended][extended]           | [Players' Book][stories] |

This one-shot module for the [BIND RPG][core] provides a no-stress, simple game, which lasts a single evening.
It goes like this:

1. The introduction covers the basic rules in a couple of pages.
    * More rules are covered in footnotes as they come up, so you can pick up a couple of extra resolution mechanics when you need them.
1. Players receive their new characters, with all abilities written on the character sheets.
    * These characters begin without any equipment or weapons, allowing players to pick up those extra rules, just when they need them.
1. Goblins have captured various human prisoners, so once a PC dies, the player can pick up a new character from a prison.

# Getting the Book

Download it from the [link][oneshot], then take it to your local, friendly, print-shop.
Everything in the book has been optimized for reading on paper.
Reading two-columns of blinding-white PDF on a monitor will only give you a headache.

For full setup instructions, see the [wiki][compiling].

# Plot

Goblins have invaded a gnomish warren, but can't return home, so they are forced to raid nearby human villages for food, such as humans.
The PCs have been captured, and awaken bound in a cell, with nothing but their clothes, and a depressed prisoner, waiting to die.
If the PCs can give that prisoner a little hope, he helps them break free.

Moving upwards, the PCs may encounter:

- teleportation scrolls,
- a gnome, magically transformed into a goblin, who cannot be seen talking with them,
- a dragon, too large to get to the treasure room,
- figure out what to do with the gnomish children, still in the warren.

<img src="images/Roch_Hercka/waking.jpg" width="1000">

## The Grognard Meat-Grinder

If you want a module with more meat, there is an [advanced version][normal] of this same module.

The adventure is a PC meat-grinder, with plenty of prisons scattered through the dungeon for players to return with new characters once they die.
As they travel upwards towards the sunlight, they learn about the rules and the wider world of Fenestra.

<img src="images/Dyson_Logos/lower.svg" width="500">

[compiling]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/core/-/wikis/dev/Compiling
[issues email]: mailto:contact-project+bindrpg-oneshot-22760003-issue-@incoming.gitlab.com
[oneshot]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/Escape_from_the_Goblin_Horde.pdf?job=build
[extended]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/Extended_Escape_from_the_Goblin_Horde.pdf?job=build
[cs_zine]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/zine_characters.pdf?job=build
[core]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/metabind/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/complete/Core_Rules.pdf?job=build
[stories]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/metabind/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/complete/Stories.pdf?job=build

Commit message:

reinstate horde in ongoing chronicles

README.md, after:

# Escape from the Goblin Horde

| Downloads                            | Related Books                       |
|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------------------|
| [Oneshot][oneshot]                   | [Core Rules][core]                  |
| [Extended][extended]                 | [Players' Book][stories]            |
| [Enter the Horde][enter_the_horde]   | [Zine Character Sheets][cs_zine]    |

This one-shot module for the [BIND RPG][core] provides a no-stress, simple game, which lasts a single evening.
It goes like this:

1. The introduction covers the basic rules in a couple of pages.
    * More rules are covered in footnotes as they come up, so you can pick up a couple of extra resolution mechanics when you need them.
1. Players receive their new characters, with all abilities written on the character sheets.
    * These characters begin without any equipment or weapons, allowing players to pick up those extra rules, just when they need them.
1. Goblins have captured various human prisoners, so once a PC dies, the player can pick up a new character from a prison.

# Getting the Book

Download it from the [link][oneshot], then take it to your local, friendly, print-shop.
Everything in the book has been optimized for reading on paper.
Reading two-columns of blinding-white PDF on a monitor will only give you a headache.

For full setup instructions, see the [wiki][compiling].

# Plot

Goblins have invaded a gnomish warren, but can't return home, so they are forced to raid nearby human villages for food, such as humans.
The PCs have been captured, and awaken bound in a cell, with nothing but their clothes, and a depressed prisoner, waiting to die.
If the PCs can give that prisoner a little hope, he helps them break free.

Moving upwards, the PCs may encounter:

- teleportation scrolls,
- a gnome, magically transformed into a goblin, who cannot be seen talking with them,
- a dragon, too large to get to the treasure room,
- figure out what to do with the gnomish children, still in the warren.

<img src="images/Roch_Hercka/waking.jpg" width="1000">

## The Meat-Grinder

If you want a module with more meat, there is an [advanced version][extended] of this same module.

The adventure is a PC meat-grinder, with plenty of prisons scattered through the dungeon for players to return with new characters once they die.
As they travel upwards towards the sunlight, they learn about the rules and the wider world of Fenestra.

<img src="images/Dyson_Logos/lower.svg" width="500">

## Entering the Goblin Horde

For existing chronicles, the troupe may simply [enter the horde][enter_the_horde], to rescue allies.

[compiling]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/core/-/wikis/dev/Compiling
[issues email]: mailto:contact-project+bindrpg-oneshot-22760003-issue-@incoming.gitlab.com
[oneshot]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/Escape_from_the_Goblin_Horde.pdf?job=build
[extended]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/Extended_Escape_from_the_Goblin_Horde.pdf?job=build
[enter_the_horde]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/Enter_the_Goblin_Horde.pdf?job=build
[cs_zine]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/oneshot/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/zine_characters.pdf?job=build
[core]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/metabind/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/complete/Core_Rules.pdf?job=build
[stories]: https://gitlab.com/bindrpg/metabind/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/complete/Stories.pdf?job=build
